CLI staking via UserEscrow (#1227)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/guides/staking_guide.rst

    | 3 | 0xbb03 | 0xbb04 | 1 | 15000 NU | 40 periods . | Aug 09 12:30:38 CEST - Sep 17 12:30:38 CEST

Staking using a preallocation contract
---------------------------------------

Each NuCypher staker with a preallocation will have some amount of tokens locked
in a preallocation contract named ``UserEscrow``, which is used to stake and
perform other staker-related operations.
From the perspective of the main NuCypher contracts, each ``UserEscrow``
contract represents a staker, no different from "regular" stakers.
However, from the perspective of the preallocation user, things are different
since the contract can't perform transactions, and it's the preallocation user

> (also known as the "`beneficiary`" of the contract) who have to operate.

Author: ✅

> (also known as the "`beneficiary`" of the contract) who have to operate.

Author: ✅

In general, preallocation users can use all staking-related operations offered
by the CLI in the same way as described above, except that they have to include
the ``--escrow`` flag to indicate they are acting as beneficiaries.

For example, to create a stake:

.. code:: bash

    (nucypher)$ nucypher stake create --hw-wallet --escrow

Or to set a worker:

.. code:: bash

    (nucypher)$ nucypher stake set-worker --hw-wallet --escrow

> Alternatively to the ``--escrow`` flag, preallocation users can directly specify

Author: It's an alternative to `--escrow`. If you use `--beneficiary-address` then `--escrow` is superfluous. In the tests I just wanted to be clear that it was an escrow contract, but there was no actual need to use that flag there.

> Alternatively to the ``--escrow`` flag, preallocation users can directly specify

Reviewer: Ok, what about the following:
```suggestion
As an alternative to the ``--escrow`` flag, preallocation users can directly specify
```

> Alternatively to the ``--escrow`` flag, preallocation users can directly specify

Author: ✅
